Udemy Course: https://cognizant.udemy.com/course/aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/learn/lecture/33878680#overview


General Purpose SSD (gp2) volumes offer cost-effective storage that is ideal for a broad range of workloads. These volumes deliver single-digit millisecond latencies and the ability to burst to 3,000 IOPS for extended periods of time.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-volume-types.html

File gateway - mount via NFS and SMB protocol 

A VPC peering connection is a networking connection between two VPCs that enables you to route traffic between them using private IPv4 addresses or IPv6 addresses. Instances in either VPC can communicate with each other as if they are within the same network.
You can create a VPC peering connection between your own VPCs, or with a VPC in another AWS account. The VPCs can be in different regions (also known as an inter-region VPC peering connection).

VPC peering is the most cost-effective way to connect two VPCs within the same region and AWS account. There are no additional charges for VPC peering beyond standard data transfer rates.

Elastic Fabric Adapter, Elastic Network Adapter 

The best way to encrypt an existing database is to take a snapshot, encrypt a copy of the snapshot and restore the snapshot to a new RDS DB instance. This results in an encrypted database that is a new instance. Applications must be updated to use the new RDS DB endpoint.

Global Accelerator (route TCP and UDP traffic to a healthy application endpoint in the closest AWS Region to the user)
With AWS Global Accelerator, you can shift traffic gradually or all at once between the blue and the green environment and vice-versa without being subject to DNS caching on client devices and internet resolvers, traffic dials and endpoint weights changes are effective within seconds.

Cloudfront - You can set up CloudFront with origin failover for scenarios that require high availability. To get started, you create an origin group with two origins: a primary and a secondary. If the primary origin is unavailable or returns specific HTTP response status codes that indicate a failure, CloudFront automatically switches to the secondary origin.
CloudFront cannot expose static public IP addresses.

RDS - You cannot configure a multi-AZ DB instance to run in another Region, it must be in the same Region but in a different Availability Zone.

AWS DataSync can be used to automate and accelerate the replication of data to AWS storage services. 
Note that Storage Gateway is used for hybrid scenarios where servers need local access to data with various options for storing and synchronizing the data to AWS storage services. Storage Gateway does not accelerate replication of data.

A VPG is used to setup an AWS VPN which you can use in combination with Direct Connect to encrypt all data that traverses the Direct Connect link. This combination provides an IPsec-encrypted private connection that also reduces network costs, increases bandwidth throughput, and provides a more consistent network experience than internet-based VPN connections.

Instance Store
You can specify the instance store volumes for your instance only when you launch an instance. You can’t attach instance store volumes to an instance after you’ve launched it.

Associate an AWS Direct Connect gateway with either of the following gateways:
- A transit gateway when you have multiple VPCs in the same Region.
- A virtual private gateway.

Route table - select target as VPG (AWS side of the VPN) and not customer gateway (customer side of VPN)

NACL:
 - Default inbound rule denying all traffic 
 - Default outbound rule denying all traffic 

Multi-AZ follows synchronous replication and spans at least two Availability Zones (AZs) within a single region. 
Read replicas follow asynchronous replication and can be within an Availability Zone (AZ), Cross-AZ, or Cross-Region

Following are the unsupported life cycle transitions for S3 storage classes - Any storage class to the Amazon S3 Standard storage class. 
- Any storage class to the Reduced Redundancy storage class. 
- The Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class to the Amazon S3 Standard-IA storage class. 
- The Amazon S3 One Zone-IA storage class to the Amazon S3 Standard-IA or Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage classes.

FIFO SQS Queue - supports 300 API calls per sec per API method. (3000 using batching).

Cost of test file storage on Amazon S3 Standard < Cost of test file storage on Amazon EFS < Cost of test file storage on Amazon EBS

Migrate AWS account from one organisation to another
1. Remove the member account from the old organization 
2. Send an invite to the member account from the new Organization 
3. Accept the invite to the new organization from the member account

"aws:RequestedRegion": "eu-west-1" // this region can be requested. API calls can be made from anywhere

Placement groups 
1. Partition (spreads instance across logical partitions, don't share hardware eg. Hadoop, Cassandra, kafka) 
2. Cluster (packs instances close in 1 AZ for low latency, HPC apps)
3. Spread (each instance is placed on distinct rack, each rack with distinct N/W & power)

ASG is not terminating an EC2 instance:
1. Instance may be in impaired status
2. Health check grace period of the instance has not expired
3. Instnace has failed the ELB health check status

You have multiple AWS accounts within a single AWS Region managed by AWS Organizations and you would like to ensure all Amazon EC2 instances in all these accounts can communicate privately
- Create a VPC in an account and share one or more of its subnets with the other accounts using Resource Access Manager

GP3 offers identical latency performance to GP2 at a lower price point.
FSx options are higher performance but more expensive and require application changes.
GP3 aligns better with lift and shift needs as a directly attached block storage volume.

Use Amazon EKS Connector to register and connect any conformant Kubernetes cluster to AWS and visualize it in the Amazon EKS console. The Amazon EKS Connector can connect the following types of Kubernetes clusters to Amazon EKS.
 - On-premises Kubernetes clusters
 - Self-managed clusters that are running on Amazon EC2
 - Managed clusters from other cloud providers
AWS CloudFormation StackSet extends the functionality of stacks by enabling you to create, update, or delete stacks across multiple accounts and regions with a single operation.

You can migrate data to Amazon Redshift databases using AWS Database Migration Service. The Amazon Redshift cluster must be in the same AWS account and the same AWS Region as the replication instance. During a database migration to Amazon Redshift, AWS DMS first moves data to an Amazon S3 bucket. When the files reside in an Amazon S3 bucket, AWS DMS then transfers them to the proper tables in the Amazon Redshift data warehouse. AWS DMS creates the S3 bucket in the same AWS Region as the Amazon Redshift database. The AWS DMS replication instance must be located in that same region.

Kinesis Data streams: https://aws.amazon.com/kinesis/data-streams/faqs/

Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose is used to load streaming data into data stores (Amazon S3, Amazon Redshift, Amazon Elasticsearch Service, and Splunk) whereas Kinesis Data Streams provides support for real-time processing of streaming data. It provides ordering of records, as well as the ability to read and/or replay records in the same order to multiple downstream Amazon Kinesis Applications.

AMI:
 - You can copy an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) across AWS Regions
 - You can share an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) with another AWS account
 - Copying an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) backed by an encrypted snapshot cannot result in an unencrypted target snapshot

SCP:
 - If a user or role has an IAM permission policy that grants access to an action that is either not allowed or explicitly denied by the applicable service control policy (SCP), the user or role can't perform that action
 - Service control policy (SCP) affects all users and roles in the member accounts, including root user of the member accounts
 - Service control policy (SCP) does not affect service-linked role

RDS MySQL Read replica - asynchronously copied from primary DB to read replica 
RDS MySQL with multi AZ enabled - synchronously replicate data 

ASG - cannot span across regions

