1. How can you generate a trigger each time a tracked vehicle enters a specific geographic area?
Ans: Amazon Location Services - Geofencing (create geofence to mark the area of interest on map and track devices that enter or leave the area) 
     Tracking device (lat, long) -> Amazon location service -> Eventbridge -> Lambda -> SNS

2. An e-commerce company hosts app in US region. They want users from Europe and Canada to access without any lag. What's the proper AWS solution for this?
Ans: Global Accelerator - has edge locations worldwide, so users can connect to their nearby Edge location rather than US server. 
     User req are routed to the faster most direct path on AWS private network instead of unpredictable public network.

3. How would you design a highly scalable and fault tolerant Ecommerce app?
Ans: EC2 for server (with ALB and ASG), S3 for product images, Cloudfront for content delivery, RDS for DB

4. Location dependent content delivery to serve static content to end user?
Ans:  CloudFront with Lambda@Edge enables the delivery of location-dependent static content to users with minimal latency by caching it at edge locations and customizing content based on geographic location. Lambda edge gets HTTP header to detect location.

5. Real time updates
Ans: Web sockets, Kinesis Datastreams, Appsync

6. Migrating to AWS
Ans: Lift and shift server: On-premise server to EC2 using AWS Application Migration Service
     DB to RDS using Database Migration services (DMS)
     File server to S3/EFS using AWS DataSync

7. How to design a chatbot that can answer natuaral language queries using enterprise data stored in S3, RDS, Jira etc.
Ans: Amazon Q

8. How to build customer support solutions using voice/text?
Ans: Amazon Lex (bots), Amazon Connect (cloud contact centers)
     Voice based support: Connect (handles calls) -> Lex (chatbot for basic queries) -> Amazon Polly (text to speech) -> Amazon Comprehend (sentiment analysis)
     Text based support: Lex (chatbot) -> Lambda (BE integration) -> Comprehend (sentiment analysis) -> S3 (store chatlogs) -> Quicksight (visual analytics)

9. How do you secure EC2 instances and VPC by controlling inbound and outbound traffic?
Ans: NACL 
      - Firewall for controlling traffic in and out of one or more subnets (optional layer)
      - stateless i.e both inbound and outbound needs to be defined explicitly)
     Security group 
      - Controls inbound and outbound traffic for EC2 instances 
      - stateful i.e if inbound is allowed for a port, outbound is automatically allowed)

10. AWS Event driven architecture
Ans: https://medium.com/@sudarkodimuthiah22/event-driven-architecture-solutions-on-aws-bc90ccc55dc8

11. How to securely share resources across AWS accounts?
Ans: AWS Resource Access Manager 

12. How to restrict access to certain AWS services?
Ans: IAM Policy (User, group, role level within a single AWS account)
     Service controlled policy (SCP in AWS Organization - at account or OU level)
     Resource based policy (only in some services eg. S3, Lambda, SQS)

     Even if an IAM policy grants permission, an SCP can override and deny that permission at the account level.
     SCP can block access to services even for the root user in the account.
     IAM - allow & deny access 
     SCP - only deny access 

     Resource based policy are used in cross-account access.
     IAM policy works if IAM user and S3 bucket are in same account.



   

