A company is transitioning its Amazon EC2 based MariaDB database to Amazon RDS. The company has already identified a database instance type that will meet the company's CPU and memory requirements. The database must provide at least 40 GiB of storage capacity and 1,000 IOPS.
Which storage configuration for the Amazon RDS for MariaDB instance is MOST cost-effective?
    Ans: Provision 334 GiB of General Purpose SSD storage for the RDS instance.
    (Baseline I/O performance for General Purpose SSD storage is 3 IOPS for each GiB. For 334 GiB of storage, the baseline performance would be 1,002 IOPS. Additionally, General Purpose SSD storage is more cost-effective than Provisioned IOPS storage.)

2. A company asks a solutions architect to implement a pilot light disaster recovery (DR) strategy for an existing on-premises application. The application is self contained and does not need to access any databases.
Which solution will implement a pilot light DR strategy?
    Ans: Recreate the application hosting environment on AWS by using Amazon EC2 instances and stop the EC2 instances. When the on-premises application fails, start the stopped EC2 instances and direct 100% of application traffic to the EC2 instances that are running in the AWS Cloud.
    (This is a pilot light DR strategy. This solution recreates an existing application hosting environment in an AWS Region. This solution turns off most (or all) resources and uses the resources only during tests or when DR failover is necessary. RPO and RTO are usually 10s of minutes.
    A pilot light strategy simplifies recovery at the time of a disaster because the core infrastructure requirements are all in place. A pilot light strategy also minimizes the ongoing cost of DR by minimizing the active resources)

3. A company is deploying a new application that will consist of an application layer and an online transaction processing (OLTP) relational database. The application must be available at all times. However, the application will have periods of inactivity. The company wants to pay the minimum for compute costs during these idle periods.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
    Ans: Run the application in containers with Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) on AWS Fargate. Use Amazon Aurora Serverless for the database.

4. A reporting application runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. For complex reports, the application can take up to 15 minutes to respond to a request. A solutions architect is concerned that users will receive HTTP 5xx errors if a report request is in process during a scale-in event.
What should the solutions architect do to ensure that user requests will be completed before instances are terminated?
    Ans: Increase the deregistration delay timeout for the target group of the instances to greater than 900 seconds.
    (By default, Elastic Load Balancing waits 300 seconds before the completion of the deregistration process, which can help in-flight requests to the target become complete. To change the amount of time that Elastic Load Balancing waits, update the deregistration delay value.)

5. A company is deploying a new database on a new Amazon EC2 instance. The workload of this database requires a single Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume that can support up to 20,000 IOPS.
Which type of EBS volume meets this requirement?
    Ans: Provisioned IOPS 
    (Provisioned IOPS SSD EBS volume provides up to 64,000 IOPS for each volume)
