Practice Set 1 (63%)

    Q3. An application is being created that will use Amazon EC2 instances to generate and store data. Another set of EC2 instances will then analyze and modify the data. Storage requirements will be significant and will continue to grow over time. The application architects require a storage solution.
    Which actions would meet these needs?
        Ans: Store the data in an Amazon EFS filesystem. Mount the file system on the application instances

    Q4. A company provides a REST-based interface to an application that allows a partner company to send data in near-real time. The application then processes the data that is received and stores it for later analysis. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances.
    The partner company has received many 503 Service Unavailable Errors when sending data to the application and the compute capacity reaches its limits and is unable to process requests when spikes in data volume occur.
    Which design should a Solutions Architect implement to improve scalability?
        Ans: Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to ingest the data. Process the data using AWS Lambda functions

    Q6. The database tier of a web application is running on a Windows server on-premises. The database is a Microsoft SQL Server database. The application owner would like to migrate the database to an Amazon RDS instance. How can the migration be executed with minimal administrative effort and downtime?
        Ans: Use the AWS Database Migration Service (DMS) to directly migrate the database to RDS

    Q7. A company has deployed a new website on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Amazon Route 53 is used for the DNS service. The company has asked a Solutions Architect to create a backup website with support contact details that users will be directed to automatically if the primary website is down.
    How should the Solutions Architect deploy this solution cost-effectively?
        Ans: Configure a static website using Amazon S3 and create a Route 53 failover routing policy

    Q10. A company runs a web application that serves weather updates. The application runs on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances in a Multi-AZ Auto scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The instances store data in an Amazon Aurora database. A solutions architect needs to make the application more resilient to sporadic increases in request rates.
    Which architecture should the solutions architect implement? (Select TWO.)
        Ans: Add Amazon Aurora Replicas
            Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the ALB

    Q15. A company hosts a multiplayer game on AWS. The application uses Amazon EC2 instances in a single Availability Zone and users connect over Layer 4. Solutions Architect has been tasked with making the architecture highly available and also more cost-effective.
    How can the solutions architect best meet these requirements? (Select TWO.)
        Ans: Configure a Network Load Balancer in front of the EC2 instances
            Configure an Auto Scaling group to add or remove instances in multiple Availability Zones automatically

    Q17. A company requires that all AWS IAM user accounts have specific complexity requirements and minimum password length. How should a Solutions Architect accomplish this?
        Ans: Set a password policy for the entire AWS account 

    Q20. A company has two accounts for perform testing and each account has a single VPC: VPC-TEST1 and VPC-TEST2. The operations team require a method of securely copying files between Amazon EC2 instances in these VPCs. The connectivity should not have any single points of failure or bandwidth constraints.
    Which solution should a Solutions Architect recommend?
        Ans: Create a VPC peering connection between VPC-TEST1 and VPC-TEST2

    Q32. A company delivers content to subscribers distributed globally from an application running on AWS. The application uses a fleet of Amazon EC2 instance in a private subnet behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Due to an update in copyright restrictions, it is necessary to block access for specific countries. What is the EASIEST method to meet this requirement?    
        Ans: Use Amazon CloudFront to serve the application and deny access to blocked countries

    Q35. A company runs containerized applications for many application workloads in an on-premise data center. The company is planning to deploy containers to AWS and the chief architect has mandated that the same configuration and administrative tools must be used across all containerized environments. The company also wishes to remain cloud agnostic to safeguard against the impact of future changes in cloud strategy. How can a Solutions Architect design a managed solution that will align with open-source software?
        Ans: Launch the containers on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) and EKS worker nodes

    Q36. A company is investigating methods to reduce the expenses associated with on-premises backup infrastructure. The Solutions Architect wants to reduce costs by eliminating the use of physical backup tapes. It is a requirement that existing backup applications and workflows should continue to function. What should the Solutions Architect recommend?
        Ans: Connect the backup applications to an AWS Storage Gateway using an iSCSI-virtual tape library (VTL)

    Q38. A company runs a dynamic website that is hosted on an on-premises server in the United States. The company is expanding to Europe and is investigating how they can optimize the performance of the website for European users. The website’s backed must remain in the United States. The company requires a solution that can be implemented within a few days.
    What should a Solutions Architect recommend?    
        Ans: Use Amazon CloudFront with a custom origin pointing to the on-premises servers

    Q42. A company's application is running on Amazon EC2 instances in a single Region. In the event of a disaster, a solutions architect needs to ensure that the resources can also be deployed to a second Region.
    Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to     accomplish this? (Select TWO.)
        Ans: Copy an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of an EC2 instance and specify the second Region for the destination
            Launch a new EC2 instance from an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) in the second Region

    Q43. A company uses an Amazon RDS MySQL database instance to store customer order data. The security team have requested that SSL/TLS encryption in transit must be used for encrypting connections to the database from application servers. The data in the database is currently encrypted at rest using an AWS KMS key.
    How can a Solutions Architect enable encryption in transit?
        Ans: Download the AWS-provided root certificates. Use the certificates when connecting to the RDS DB instance

    Q44. A web application allows users to upload photos and add graphical elements to them. The application offers two tiers of service: free and paid. Photos uploaded by paid users should be processed before those submitted using the free tier. The photos are uploaded to an Amazon S3 bucket which uses an event notification to send the job information to Amazon SQS.
    How should a Solutions Architect configure the Amazon SQS deployment to meet these requirements?
        Ans: Use a separate SQS Standard queue for each tier. Configure Amazon EC2 instances to prioritize polling for the paid queue over the free queue

    Q47. A new application is to be published in multiple regions around the world. The Architect needs to ensure only 2 IP addresses need to be whitelisted. The solution should intelligently route traffic for lowest latency and provide fast regional failover. How can this be achieved?
        Ans: Launch EC2 instances into multiple regions behind an NLB and use AWS Global Accelerator

    Q49. A company offers an online product brochure that is delivered from a static website running on Amazon S3. The company’s customers are mainly in the United States, Canada, and Europe. The company is looking to cost-effectively reduce the latency for users in these regions.
    What is the most cost-effective solution to these requirements?
        Ans: Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution and set the price class to use only U.S, Canada and Europe.

    Q50. An Amazon S3 bucket in the us-east-1 Region hosts the static website content of a company. The content is made available through an Amazon CloudFront origin pointing to that bucket. A second copy of the bucket is created in the ap-southeast-1 Region using cross-region replication. The chief solutions architect wants a solution that provides greater availability for the website.
    Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to increase availability? (Select TWO.)
        Ans: Add an origin for ap-southeast-1 to CloudFront
             Using us-east-1 bucket as the primary bucket and ap-southeast-1 bucket as the secondary bucket, create a CloudFront origin group

    Q52. A financial services company has a web application with an application tier running in the U.S and Europe. The database tier consists of a MySQL database running on Amazon EC2 in us-west-1. Users are directed to the closest application tier using Route 53 latency-based routing. The users in Europe have reported poor performance when running queries. Which changes should a Solutions Architect make to the database tier to improve performance?
        Ans: Migrate the database to an Amazon Aurora global database in MySQL compatibility mode. Configure the application tier in Europe to use the local reader endpoint

    Q54. A team are planning to run analytics jobs on log files each day and require a storage solution. The size and number of logs is unknown and data will persist for 24 hours only. What is the MOST cost-effective solution?
        Ans: S3 standard 

    Q64. A company's web application is using multiple Amazon EC2 Linux instances and storing data on Amazon EBS volumes. The company is looking for a solution to increase the resiliency of the application in case of a failure. What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
        Ans: Create an Application Load Balancer with Auto Scaling groups across multiple Availability Zones. Store data on Amazon EFS and mount a target on each instance

    Q65. A Solutions Architect has deployed an application on several Amazon EC2 instances across three private subnets. The application must be made accessible to internet-based clients with the least amount of administrative effort. How can the Solutions Architect make the application available on the internet?
        Ans: Create an Application Load Balancer and associate three public subnets from the same Availability Zones as the private instances. Add the private instances to the ALB


Practice Set 2 (72%)

    Q1. A company migrated a two-tier application from its on-premises data center to AWS Cloud. A Multi-AZ Amazon RDS for Oracle deployment is used for the data tier, along with 12 TB of General Purpose SSD Amazon EBS storage. With an average document size of 6 MB, the application processes, and stores documents as binary large objects (blobs) in the database.
    Over time, the database size has grown, which has reduced performance and increased storage costs. A highly available and resilient solution is needed to improve database performance.
    Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
        Ans: Set up an Amazon S3 bucket. The application should be updated to use S3 buckets to store documents. Store the object metadata in the existing database

    Q2. A company has divested a single business unit and needs to move the AWS account owned by the business unit to another AWS Organization. How can this be achieved?
        Ans: Migrate the account using the AWS Organizations console

    Q5. A company is planning a migration for a high performance computing (HPC) application and associated data from an on-premises data center to the AWS Cloud. The company uses tiered storage on premises with hot high-performance parallel storage to support the application during periodic runs of the application, and more economical cold storage to hold the data when the application is not actively running.
    Which combination of solutions should a solutions architect recommend to support the storage needs of the application? (Select TWO.)
        Ans: Amazon S3 for cold data storage
             Amazon FSx for Lustre for high-performance parallel storage

    Q6. A company runs an application in an Amazon VPC that requires access to an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster that hosts an application in another VPC. The company’s security team requires that all traffic must not traverse the internet.
    Which solution meets this requirement?
        Ans: Create a Network Load Balancer in one VPC and an AWS PrivateLink endpoint for Amazon ECS in another VPC

    Q10. An application has been migrated to Amazon EC2 Linux instances. The EC2 instances run several 1-hour tasks on a schedule. There is no common programming language among these tasks, as they were written by different teams. Currently, these tasks run on a single instance, which raises concerns about performance and scalability. To resolve these concerns, a solutions architect must implement a solution. 
    Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST Operational overhead?
        Ans: Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the EC2 instance that runs the tasks. Create an Auto Scaling group with the AMI to run multiple copies of the instance

    Q14. An IoT sensor is being rolled out to thousands of a company’s existing customers. The sensors will stream high volumes of data each second to a central location. A solution must be designed to ingest and store the data for analytics. The solution must provide near-real time performance and millisecond responsiveness.
        Ans: Ingest the data into an Amazon Kinesis Data Stream. Process the data with an AWS Lambda function and then store the data in Amazon DynamoDB

    Q19. A company runs a number of core enterprise applications in an on-premises data center. The data center is connected to an Amazon VPC using AWS Direct Connect. The company will be creating additional AWS accounts and these accounts will also need to be quickly, and cost-effectively connected to the on-premises data center in order to access the core applications. 
    What deployment changes should a Solutions Architect implement to meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
        Ans: Configure AWS Transit Gateway between the accounts. Assign Direct Connect to the transit gateway and route network traffic to the on-premises servers

    Q22. A company runs an internal browser-based application. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. The Auto Scaling group scales up to 20 instances during work hours, but scales down to 2 instances overnight. Staff are complaining that the application is very slow when the day begins, although it runs well by midmorning. 
    How should the scaling be changed to address the staff complaints and keep costs to a minimum?
        Ans: Implement a target tracking action triggered at a lower CPU threshold, and decrease the cooldown period

    Q25. An application is running on Amazon EC2 behind an Elastic Load Balancer (ELB). Content is being published using Amazon CloudFront and you need to restrict the ability for users to circumvent CloudFront and access the content directly through the ELB. 
    How can you configure this solution?
        Ans: Create a VPC Security Group for the ELB and use AWS Lambda to automatically update the CloudFront internal service IP addresses when they change

    Q26. A shared services VPC is being setup for use by several AWS accounts. An application needs to be securely shared from the shared services VPC. The solution should not allow consumers to connect to other instances in the VPC. How can this be setup with the least administrative effort? (choose 2)
        Ans: - Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB)
             - Use AWS PrivateLink to expose the application as an endpoint service
            
    Q32. A Solutions Architect must select the most appropriate database service for two use cases. A team of data scientists perform complex queries on a data warehouse that take several hours to complete. Another team of scientists need to run fast, repeat queries and update dashboards for customer support staff.
    Which solution delivers these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
        Ans: RedShift for both use cases

    Q34. An Amazon RDS PostgreSQL database is configured as Multi-AZ. A solutions architect needs to scale read performance and the solution must be configured for high availability. What is the most cost-effective solution?
        Ans: Create a read replica as a Multi-AZ DB instance

    Q40. A company has a file share on a Microsoft Windows Server in an on-premises data center. The server uses a local network attached storage (NAS) device to store several terabytes of files. The management team require a reduction in the data center footprint and to minimize storage costs by moving on-premises storage to AWS. 
    What should a Solutions Architect do to meet these requirements?
        Ans: Configure an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway

    Q46. A company is deploying a new web application that will run on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. The application requires a shared storage solution that offers strong consistency as the content will be regularly updated.
    Which solution requires the LEAST amount of effort?
        Ans: Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system and mount it on the individual Amazon EC2 instances

    Q55. A company runs an application on Amazon EC2 instances which requires access to sensitive data in an Amazon S3 bucket. All traffic between the EC2 instances and the S3 bucket must not traverse the internet and must use private IP addresses. Additionally, the bucket must only allow access from services in the VPC.
    Which combination of actions should a Solutions Architect take to meet these requirements? (Select TWO.)
        Ans: Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3
             Apply a bucket policy to restrict access to the S3 endpoint

    Q58. A solutions architect has been tasked with designing a highly resilient hybrid cloud architecture connecting an on-premises data center and AWS. The network should include AWS Direct Connect (DX)
    Which DX configuration offers the HIGHEST resiliency?
        Ans: Configure DX connections at multiple DX locations

    Q64. A company needs to store data from an application. Data in the application changes frequently. All levels of stored data must be audited under a new regulation which the company adheres to.
    Application storage capacity is running out on the company's on-premises infrastructure. To comply with the new regulation, a solutions architect must offload some data securely to AWS to relieve the on-premises capacity issues.
    Which solution will meet these requirements?
        Ans: Use AWS Storage Gateway to move the existing data to Amazon S3. Use AWS CloudTrail to log management events

    Q65. A company's web application is using multiple Amazon EC2 Linux instances and storing data on Amazon EBS volumes. The company is looking for a solution to increase the resiliency of the application in case of a failure. 
    What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
        Ans: Create an Application Load Balancer with Auto Scaling groups across multiple Availability Zones. Store data on Amazon EFS and mount a target on each instance

Pracice Set 3 (69%)

    Q2. A High Performance Computing (HPC) application needs storage that can provide 135,000 IOPS. The storage layer is replicated across all instances in a cluster. 
    What is the optimal storage solution that provides the required performance and is cost-effective
        Ans: Use Amazon Instance Store

    Q4. A Solutions Architect created the following policy and associated to an AWS IAM group containing several administrative users:
    "IpAddress": {"aws:SourceIp": "10.1.2.0/24"}
       Ans: Administrators can terminate an EC2 instance in the us-east-1 Region when the user's source IP is 10.1.2.28

    Q19. A company runs a financial application using an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). When running month-end reports on a specific day and time each month the application becomes unacceptably slow. Amazon CloudWatch metrics show the CPU utilization hitting 100%. What should a solutions architect recommend to ensure the application is able to handle the workload and avoid downtime?
        Ans: Configure an EC2 Auto Scaling scheduled scaling policy based on the monthly schedule

    Q20. An organization is extending a secure development environment into AWS. They have already secured the VPC including removing the Internet Gateway and setting up a Direct Connect connection. What else needs to be done to add encryption?
        Ans: Setup a Virtual Private Gateway (VPG)

    Q25. An application is deployed on multiple AWS regions and accessed from around the world. The application exposes static public IP addresses. Some users are experiencing poor performance when accessing the application over the Internet.
    What should a solutions architect recommend to reduce internet latency?
        Ans: Set up AWS Global Accelerator and add endpoints
        (Note: CloudFront cannot expose static public IP addresses)
    
    Q28. An online store uses an Amazon Aurora database. The database is deployed as a Multi-AZ deployment. Recently, metrics have shown that database read requests are high and causing performance issues which result in latency for write requests.
    What should the solutions architect do to separate the read requests from the write requests?
        Ans: Update the application to read from the Aurora Replica

    Q31. A company has created a disaster recovery solution for an application that runs behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The DR solution consists of a second copy of the application running behind a second ALB in another Region. The Solutions Architect requires a method of automatically updating the DNS record to point to the ALB in the second Region. What action should the Solutions Architect take?
        Ans: Enable an Amazon Route 53 health check

    Q33. A company requires a fully managed replacement for an on-premises storage service. The company’s employees often work remotely from various locations. The solution should also be easily accessible to systems connected to the on-premises environment.
    Which solution meets these requirements?
        Ans: Use Amazon FSx to create an SMB file share. Connect remote clients to the file share over a client VPN

    Q37. An application generates unique files that are returned to customers after they submit requests to the application. The application uses an Amazon CloudFront distribution for sending the files to customers. The company wishes to reduce data transfer costs without modifying the application. How can this be accomplished?
        Ans: Use Lambda@Edge to compress the files as they are sent to users

    Q38. A company has experienced malicious traffic from some suspicious IP addresses. The security team discovered the requests are from different IP addresses under the same CIDR range.
    What should a solutions architect recommend to the team?
        Ans: Add a deny rule in the inbound table of the network ACL with a lower rule number than other rules

    Q39. An Architect needs to find a way to automatically and repeatably create many member accounts within an AWS Organization. The accounts also need to be moved into an OU and have VPCs and subnets created. 
    What is the best way to achieve this?
        Ans: Use CloudFormation with scripts

    Q44. An application runs on Amazon EC2 Linux instances. The application generates log files which are written using standard API calls. A storage solution is required that can be used to store the files indefinitely and must allow concurrent access to all files. Which storage service meets these requirements and is the MOST cost-effective?
        Ans: Amazon S3 

    Q45. A company is deploying an analytics application on AWS Fargate. The application requires connected storage that offers concurrent access to files and high performance.
    Which storage option should the solutions architect recommend?
        Ans: Create an Amazon EFS file share and establish an IAM role that allows Fargate to communicate with Amazon EFS

    Q48. A web application in a three-tier architecture runs on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. Performance issues have been reported and investigations point to insufficient swap space. The operations team requires monitoring to determine if this is correct. What should a solutions architect recommend
        Ans: Install an Amazon CloudWatch agent on the instances. Run an appropriate script on a set schedule. Monitor SwapUtilization metrics in CloudWatch

    Q53. A Solutions Architect works for a company looking to centralize its Machine Learning Operations. Currently they have a large amount of existing cloud storage to store their operational data which is used for machine learning analysis. There is some data which exists within an Amazon RDS MySQL database, and they need a solution which can easily retrieve data from the database.
    Which service can be used to build a centralized data repository to be used for Machine Learning purposes?  
        Ans: AWS Lake Formation

    Q57. An application runs on Amazon EC2 instances backed by Amazon EBS volumes and an Amazon RDS database. The application is highly sensitive and security compliance requirements mandate that all personally identifiable information (PII) be encrypted at rest.
    Which solution should a Solutions Architect choose to this requirement?
        Ans: Configure Amazon EBS encryption and Amazon RDS encryption with AWS KMS keys to encrypt instance and database volumes

    Q58. A company requires a high-performance file system that can be mounted on Amazon EC2 Windows instances and Amazon EC2 Linux instances. Applications running on the EC2 instances perform separate processing of the same files and the solution must provide a file system that can be mounted by all instances simultaneously.
    Which solution meets these requirements?
        Ans: Use Amazon FSx for Windows File Server for the Windows instances and the Linux instances

    Q59. A company has created an application that stores sales performance data in an Amazon DynamoDB table. A web application is being created to display the data. A Solutions Architect must design the web application using managed services that require minimal operational maintenance.
    Which architectures meet these requirements? (Select TWO.)
        Ans: An Amazon API Gateway REST API invokes an AWS Lambda function. The Lambda function reads data from the DynamoDB table
            An Amazon API Gateway REST API directly accesses the sales performance data in the DynamoDB table

    Q64. A new application will be launched on an Amazon EC2 instance with an Elastic Block Store (EBS) volume. A solutions architect needs to determine the most cost-effective storage option. The application will have infrequent usage, with peaks of traffic for a couple of hours in the morning and evening. Disk I/O is variable with peaks of up to 3,000 IOPS. Which solution should the solutions architect recommend?
        Ans: Amazon EBS General Purpose SSD (gp2)

Practice Set 4 (69%)

    Q2. A critical web application that runs on a fleet of Amazon EC2 Linux instances has experienced issues due to failing EC2 instances. The operations team have investigated and determined that insufficient swap space is a likely cause. The operations team require a method of monitoring the swap space on the EC2 instances.
    What should a Solutions Architect recommend?
        Ans: Install and configure the unified CloudWatch agent on the EC2 instances. Monitor Swap Utilization metrics in CloudWatch

    Q8. A team of scientists are collecting environmental data to assess the impact of pollution in a small regional town. The scientists collect data from various sensors and cameras. The data must be immediately processed to validate its accuracy, but the scientists have limited local storage space on their laptops and intermittent and unreliable connectivity to their Amazon EC2 instances and S3 buckets.What should a Solutions Architect recommend?
        Ans: Use AWS Snowball Edge devices to process the data locally

    Q10. A company has over 200 TB of log files in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company must process the files using a Linux-based software application that will extract and summarize data from the log files and store the output in a separate Amazon S3 bucket. The company needs to minimize data transfer charges associated with the processing of this data.
    How can a Solutions Architect meet these requirements?
        Ans: Launch an Amazon EC2 instance in the same Region as the S3 bucket. Process the log files and upload the output to another S3 bucket in the same Region

    Q20. A financial institution with many departments wants to migrate to the AWS Cloud from their data center. Each department should have their own established AWS accounts with preconfigured, Limited access to authorized services, based on each team's needs, by the principle of least privilege. What actions should be taken to ensure compliance with these security requirements?
        Ans: Deploy a Landing Zone within AWS Control Tower. Allow department administrators to use the Landing Zone to create new member accounts and networking. Grant the department's AWS power user permissions on the created accounts

    Q23. A company plans to provide developers with individual AWS accounts. The company will use AWS Organizations to provision the accounts. A Solutions Architect must implement secure auditing using AWS CloudTrail so that all events from all AWS accounts are logged. The developers must not be able to use root-level permissions to alter the AWS CloudTrail configuration in any way or access the log files in the S3 bucket. The auditing solution and security controls must automatically apply to all new developer accounts that are created.Which action should the Solutions Architect take?
        Ans: Create a new trail in CloudTrail from within the management account with the organization trails option enabled

    Q24. An application runs across a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances and uses a shared file system hosted on Amazon EFS. The file system is used for storing many files that are generated by the application. The files are only accessed for the first few days after creation but must be retained. How can a Solutions Architect optimize storage costs for the application?
        Ans: Configure a lifecycle policy to move the files to the EFS Infrequent Access (IA) storage class after 7 days

    Q27. A Solutions Architect has been tasked with building an application which stores images to be used for a website. The website will be accessed by thousands of customers. The images within the application need to be able to be transformed and processed as they are being retrieved. The solutions architect would prefer to use managed services to achieve this, and the solution should be highly available and scalable, and be able to serve users from around the world with low latency.
        Ans: Store the images in Amazon S3, behind a CloudFront distribution. Use S3 Object Lambda to transform and process the images whenever a GET request is initiated on an object

    Q29. A company runs a legacy application on an Amazon EC2 Linux instance. The application code cannot be modified, and the system cannot run on more than one instance. A Solutions Architect must design a resilient solution that can improve the recovery time for the system.What should the Solutions Architect recommend to meet these requirements?
        Ans: Launch the EC2 instance with two Amazon EBS volumes and configure RAID 1
        (A RAID array uses multiple EBS volumes to improve performance or redundancy. When fault tolerance is more important than I/O performance a RAID 1 array should be used which creates a mirror of your data for extra redundancy.)

    Q30. A storage company creates and emails PDF statements to their customers at the end of each month. Customers must be able to download their statements from the company website for up to 30 days from when the statements were generated. When customers close their accounts, they are emailed a ZIP file that contains all the statements.What is 
    the MOST cost-effective storage solution for this situation?
        Ans: Store the statements using the Amazon S3 Standard storage class. Create a lifecycle policy to move the statements to Amazon S3 Glacier storage after 30 days

    Q33. A company needs to transfer data from an Amazon EC2 instance to an Amazon S3 bucket. The company must prevent API calls and data from being routed over the public internet and must use a private connection. Only the single EC2 instance can have access to upload data to the S3 bucket. Which solution will meet these requirements?
        Ans: Create an Amazon S3 interface VPC endpoint in the subnet where the EC2 instance is located. Add a resource policy to the S3 bucket to allow only the EC2 instance's IAM role access

    Q34. A Solutions Architect needs to select a low-cost, short-term option for adding resilience to an AWS Direct Connect connection. What is the MOST cost-effective solution to provide a backup for the Direct Connect connection?
        Ans: Implement an IPSec VPN connection and use the same BGP prefix

    Q36. A Solutions Architect is migrating a distributed application from their on-premises environment into AWS. This application consists of an Apache Cassandra NoSQL database, with a containerized SUSE Linux compute layer with an additional storage layer made up of multiple Microsoft SQL Server databases. Once in the cloud the company wants to have as little operational overhead as possible, with no schema conversion during the migration and the company wants to host the architecture in a highly available and durable way. 
    Which of the following groups of services will provide the solutions architect with the best solution ?
        Ans: Run the NoSQL database on Amazon Keyspaces, and the compute layer on Amazon ECS on Fargate. Use Amazon RDS for Microsoft SQL Server to host the second storage layer

    Q39. An application that runs a computational fluid dynamics workload uses a tightly-coupled HPC architecture that uses the MPI protocol and runs across many nodes. A service-managed deployment is required to minimize operational overhead. Which deployment option is MOST suitable for provisioning and managing the resources required for this use case?
        Ans: Use AWS Batch to deploy a multi-node parallel job

    Q43. An application is being monitored using Amazon GuardDuty. A Solutions Architect needs to be notified by email of medium to high severity events. How can this be achieved?
        Ans: Create an Amazon CloudWatch events rule that triggers an Amazon SNS topic

    Q48. The Chief Financial Officer of a large corporation is looking for an AWS native tool which will help reduce their cloud spend. After receiving a budget alarm, the company has decided that they need to reduce their spend across their different areas of compute and need insights into their spend to decide where they can reduce cost. 
    What is the easiest way to achieve this goal?
        Ans: AWS Compute Optimizer

    Q51. A HR application stores employment records on Amazon S3. Regulations mandate the records are retained for seven years. Once created the records are accessed infrequently for the first three months and then must be available within 10 minutes if required thereafter. Which lifecycle action meets the requirements whilst MINIMIZING cost?
        Ans: Store the data in S3 Standard-IA for 3 months, then transition to S3 Glacier

    Q54. A large MongoDB database running on-premises must be migrated to Amazon DynamoDB within the next few weeks. The database is too large to migrate over the company’s limited internet bandwidth so an alternative solution must be used. What should a Solutions Architect recommend?
        Ans: Use the Schema Conversion Tool (SCT) to extract and load the data to an AWS Snowball Edge device. Use the AWS Database Migration Service (DMS) to migrate the data to Amazon DynamoDB

    Q58. A social media company has a Microsoft .NET application that currently runs on an on-premises Windows Server. The application uses an Oracle Database Standard Edition server for its database layer.
    The company is planning to migrate this application to AWS and wants to minimize development changes while moving the application, due to limited staff resources. The AWS application environment should however not compromise on being highly available.
    Which two actions should the company take to meet these requirements? (Select TWO.)
        Ans: Redeploy the application in Elastic Beanstalk with the .NET platform provisioned in a Multi-AZ configuration
            Migrate from Oracle to Oracle on Amazon RDS using the AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)

    Q61. A telecommunications company is looking to expand its 5G coverage nationwide, and as a result needs to provision and build their own private cellular network with the help of AWS. Which solution does AWS provide to help with this?
        Ans: AWS Private 5G

    Q63. As part of a company’s shift to the AWS cloud, they need to gain an insight into their total on-premises footprint. They have discovered that they are currently struggling with managing their software licenses. They would like to maintain a hybrid cloud setup, with some of their licenses stored in the cloud with some stored on-premises. What actions should be taken to ensure they are managing the licenses appropriately going forward?
        Ans: Use AWS License Manager to manage the software licenses

    




































    



    